en
conf t
hostname Access-SW3
line con 0
logging sync
hist size 256			  
exit
no ip domain-lookup 
line vty 0 15
transport in none
transport in ssh
exit
spanning-tree mode rapid-pvst
ip dhcp snooping
ip arp inspection validate src-mac
exit
wr

en
conf t 
int vlan1
shutdown
int vlan 10
ip add 10.0.11.8 255.255.255.0
no shutdown
int vlan 20
ip add 10.0.12.8 255.255.255.0
no shutdown
int vlan 30
ip add 10.0.13.8 255.255.255.0
no shutdown
int vlan 85
ip add 10.0.18.8 255.255.255.0
no shutdown
int vlan 94
ip add 10.0.19.8 255.255.255.0
no shutdown
exit

int g0/1
switchport
switchport mode trunk 
switchport trunk native vlan 94
int g0/2
switchport
switchport mode trunk 
switchport trunk native vlan 94
exit

int range fa0/1-2
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 20
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable
spanning-tree guard root 
no shutdown
exit

int range fa0/3-24
switchport mode access
switchport access vlan 94
spanning-tree portfast
spanning-tree bpduguard enable
spanning-tree guard root 
shutdown
exit

exit
wr


